Add English language Guide for PHP module (#61)
framgia/Training-Guideline: Laravel/project1.en.md

# Project 1 Guidline

## 1. Normal information:
#### Working time:

> 10 days (Maximine 20 days for part time)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10 days (Maximum 20 days for part time)
```

#### Number of team member :
1 ~ 3
#### Model approach:
Scrum

#### Technical apply for laravel project 1
1. Related Model
2. Seeder
3. Eager Loading Associations
4. Scope
5. Accessors & Mutators
6. Eloquent
7. Migration
8. Middleware
9. RESTful
10. Route & Resource Controller
11. Transaction
12. Authentication
13. Authorization
14. I18n (Internationalization)
15. Namespace
16. Helpers
17. CSRF Protection
18. AJAX

## 2. Step by step

1. Design database
2. Add tasks on redmine + estimate time
3. Init project
4. Add file pull_request_template to your project [here](https://github.com/framgia/Training-Guideline/blob/master/Laravel/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md)
5. Setup CI. Follow guidline [here](https://github.com/framgia/Training-Guideline/blob/master/Laravel/setup_ci.md)
6. Init models, add relationship
7. Design static pages
8. Other pulls

#### ATTENTION:

> - The pulls from step 6. each pull no more than 15 file changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Each pull from step 6. is no more than 15 files changed
```

- The team members cross-review each other + approve pull after the review is done without any errors
- After the cross-review is ok, then send the pull to the trainer for review (ready pull).

## 3. Add tasks on redmine + estimate time
- Signup redmine account at [here](https://edu-redmine.sun-asterisk.vn/)
#### Attention:

> - how to name account [here](https://github.com/framgia/Training-Guideline/blob/master/Rails/RegisterEduRedmine.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Name account format: [here](https://github.com/framgia/Training-Guideline/blob/master/Rails/RegisterEduRedmine.png)
```

- Each ticket task estimate does not exceed 8 hours, in case of large task, divide many tickets to perform
#### The process to change the status of a ticket is as follows:
1. All work that needs to be done must be created into a redmine ticket before starting to work

> 2. Tickets redmine must fill in Category, Target Version, Parent task, Start date, Due date, Estimated time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Redmine tickets must fill in Category, Target Version, Parent task, Start date, Due date, Estimated time
```

3. Dev receives ticket, changes status "In Progress"

> 4. Dev done, send pull request, update ticket redmine link of pull request, change %DONE to 90%

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Dev has done, send pull request, update redmine ticket link of pull request, change %DONE to 90%
```

> 5. Pull request sent to the whole team to review
> 6. Pull request must have a member in the review team OK to be sent to the trainer for review.
> 7. Pull request merged, dev updates %DONE of redmine ticket to 100%, status to Resolved

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Send pull request to the whole team to review
6. Pull request must have been approved by at least a member in the review team before sending to the trainer for review.
7. After pull request has been merged, dev updates %DONE of redmine ticket to 100%, status to Resolved
```

## 4. pull request send to review
- Format title pull request: 
```
[Tracker#TicketID] Title ticket/Pull request

> Ví dụ: [Task#12345] Handle logic login

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example: [Task#12345] Handle logic login
```
